[docs] Example serve llm deployment (#55819)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/medium-size-llm/README.md

# Deploying a medium-size LLM

A medium-size LLM typically runs on a single node with 4—8 GPUs and offers a balance between performance and efficiency. It provides stronger accuracy and reasoning than small models while remaining more affordable and resource-friendly than very large ones. This makes it a solid choice for production workloads that need good quality at lower cost, or for scaling applications where large models would be too slow or expensive.

> This tutorial walks you through deploying a medium-size LLM using Ray Serve LLM. For smaller model, see [Deploying a small-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/small-size-llm/README.html), and for larger models, see [Deploying a large-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/large-size-llm/README.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial deploys a medium-size LLM using Ray Serve LLM. For smaller model, see [Deploying a small-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/small-size-llm/README.html), and for larger models, see [Deploying a large-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/large-size-llm/README.html).
```

```

---

### Shutdown 

```bash
%%bash
serve shutdown -y
```

---

## Production Deployment with Anyscale Service

For production deployment, use Anyscale services to deploy the Ray Serve app to a dedicated cluster without modifying the code. Anyscale ensures scalability, fault tolerance, and load balancing, keeping the service resilient against node failures, high traffic, and rolling updates.

---

### Launch

Write your Anyscale Service configuration, in a new `service.yaml` file, write:  
```yaml
#service.yaml
name: deploy-llama-3-70b
image_uri: anyscale/ray-llm:2.49.0-py311-cu128
compute_config:
  auto_select_worker_config: true 
working_dir: .
cloud:
applications:
# Point to your app in your Python module
- import_path: serve_llama_3_1_70b:app
```

Deploy your Service, make sure you set your HuggingFace Token first, `export HF_TOKEN=<YOUR-HUGGINGFACE-TOKEN>`

```bash
%%bash
anyscale service deploy -f service.yaml --env HF_TOKEN=$HF_TOKEN
```

**Custom Dockerfile**

You can use any image from the Anyscale registry, or build your own Dockerfile on top of an Anyscale base image. Create a new `Dockerfile` and start with this minimal setup:
```Dockerfile

> FROM anyscale/ray:2.49.0-slim-py312-cu128

Reviewer 2: I prefer if we just say look at the dockerfile for ray-llm if you want to build your own image instead of making these readme's more verbose.

> FROM anyscale/ray:2.49.0-slim-py312-cu128

Author: done ! now mentioning how to switch to a custom dockerfile then simply pointing to anyscale's image descriptions
